do you know what my job description is
I'm in acquisitions and look up and I
catch what falls out of the sky
tell me about the mission did you see
anything unusual it's above our bakery
[Music]
look I get it
something went down in Mexico nobody
wants any witnesses we need to know if
you and you ma'am pose a threat
we're Rangers it Baxley if your mom's
vagina were a video game to be rated E
for Everyone is imposing the three kind
of the point
[Music]
predators just don't sit around making
hats out of rib cages the conquered
space but that's not what's on the
horizon should I be worried
Riley I think you know what is on the
ship the ultimate predators
we may die
we're still here
so come and get us
[Music]